<html>
 <head>
  <style>
  </style>
  <title>
   RARC Meeting Minutes - January 2002
  </title>
 </head>
 <body bgcolor="white">
  <table align="center" width="700">
   <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td>
      <img src="rick.jpg">
      <p>
      </p>
      <h2>
       RARC Meeting Minutes - January 2002
      </h2>
      <p>
       The January meeting of the Rochester Amateur Radio Club was called to order at 
7:00pm, Tuesday 1/8/02, by President Dave Peterson (K7CJO), with 32 members 
present.
      </p>
      <p>
       <b>
        Reports
       </b>
      </p>
      <ul>
       <li>
        Minutes from both the November and December meetings were approved as 
posted on the web site.
       </li>
       <li>
        Treasurer's Report by Bob (KC&Oslash;GND): Tuesday, January 8, 2002
        <table>
         <tbody>
          <tr>
           <td>
            Checking:
           </td>
           <td align="right">
            $ 1938.14
           </td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
           <td>
            Savings:
           </td>
           <td align="right">
            $ 2423.34
           </td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
           <td>
            Cash + Checks:
           </td>
           <td align="right">
            $      181.00
           </td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
           <td>
            Total:
           </td>
           <td align="right">
            $ 4542.48
           </td>
          </tr>
         </tbody>
        </table>
        Major transactions this period:
        <ul>
         <li>
          501C3 donation for uniform fund -  $500.00
         </li>
         <li>
          2002 dues -  $225.00
         </li>
         <li>
          Telephones - $49.26
         </li>
         <li>
          RPU - $42.00
         </li>
        </ul>
        The FY2001 Annual Financial Report was presented and circulated at the meeting as required by the recently revised and approved  bylaws.
       </li>
      </ul>
      <p>
       <b>
        Committee Reports
       </b>
      </p>
      <ul>
       <li>
        <b>
         Technical Committee
        </b>
        - Stew (W&Oslash;SHL)
        <ul>
         <li>
          New members of the Technical committee are Pat N&Oslash;ADQ, Rob KC&Oslash;FOW, 
and Bob N&Oslash;EST.  Committee meetings are Monday evenings before Tuesday 
club meetings, 7:00pm at the Red Cross building, and are open to all club 
members.
         </li>
         <li>
          All repeaters are working fine.
         </li>
         <li>
          The Simpson site is shut down. Discussions with KTTC are under way to 
clarify whether we can continue to use the site in the future.
         </li>
         <li>
          The watertower digipeater W&Oslash;MXW-2 is running, and the amp from the 
Simpson site was installed. However, the water department has changed the 
locks for security, and access has become difficult.
         </li>
         <li>
          Two proposals were brought to the committee:  A Rochester Linux group is 
interested in developing a wireless ISP with RARC, and a crank-up tower was 
offered for sale. The Technical committee recommends "no" to both.
         </li>
         <li>
          An inventory of club equipment will be done in March.
         </li>
        </ul>
       </li>
       <li>
        <b>
         ARES
        </b>
        - Steve (W&Oslash;STV)
        <ul>
         <li>
          New ARES ID cards are needed;  all ARES members should fill out a form 
(available on the web site) and return to Steve.  Pictures for the ID's will be 
taken next meeting.
         </li>
         <li>
          The organizational structure of the ARES group is changing. The Mayo 
ARES group will remain as is;  there will be an A team (high training and 
participation), a B team (irregular training and participation), and also a 
Mobile Assistance Team (ARES MAT), prepared to go out to fairly distant 
emergencies and stay for a period.
         </li>
         <li>
          There will be ARES meetings this year for training.  Also, Red Cross classes 
are available and free to ARES members.
         </li>
         <li>
          There will be a major drill in Fall of 2002, the TriState Nuclear drill at Prairie 
Island.
         </li>
         <li>
          For Skywarn, there is an issue with parking and safety.  Roof flashers may be 
needed, Steve will look into what is available in the $10-$30 range.
         </li>
         <li>
          A new packet protocol, EOCPAC, is being tested.
         </li>
         <li>
          Net Control Operators are needed for the coming year.
         </li>
         <li>
          There will be a Skywarn class March 27 at Diggers in Kasson.
         </li>
         <li>
          Remember the breakfasts Saturdays 6:30-8:30 at Grandma's (Silver Lake), 
and the 8:00pm Monday ragchew nets.
         </li>
        </ul>
       </li>
      </ul>
      <p>
       <b>
        Announcements
       </b>
       :
      </p>
      <ul>
       <li>
        The Plainview bike race has been moved to Winona, and the club there will 
take primary responsibility for communications.
       </li>
       <li>
        Preparation for next year's JOTA should start soon.  Bob AB&Oslash;BW will 
coordinate.
       </li>
       <li>
        Field Day will be June 22-23 (4th weekend in June). Preparation will begin 
soon.
       </li>
       <li>
        Testing sessions for the year are listed on the web site;  March 14 is next.
       </li>
       <li>
        The Library donation project is actively looking for money.  Peter N8MHD 
will coordinate.
       </li>
      </ul>
      The meeting was adjourned at 7:45.
      <p>
       <b>
        Program
       </b>
      </p>
      <p>
       Following the meeting, capabilities and features of the major logging programs were 
presented by Dave Naatz (K&Oslash;VH), Stew Lewis(W&Oslash;SHL), and Pat Cahill (N&Oslash;ADQ).
      </p>
      <p>
       Submitted by Peter N8MHD.
      </p>
      <p>
       |
       <a>
        Return to Meetings Page
       </a>
       |
       <a>
        Return to Main Page
       </a>
       |
      </p>
     </td>
    </tr>
   </tbody>
  </table>
 </body>
</html>
